# VSCode in-IDE Code Auto-complete

## Installation Instructions

- Setup your OpenAI API Key https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys
    + Paste the key into the plugin const and build the plugin (for now)
    + A future enhancement will be made where you can configure VSCode to
    read your OpenAI API token via a workspace setting. Due to time constraints
    this was left as a future enhancement.
    + https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings#_settings-file-locations
- Build and install the extension into VSCode

## Plugin Usage

- Open up your programming project in VSCode with the auto complete plugin installed.
- Bring up the command palette via <Ctrl+Shift+P> or <Cmd+Shift+P> (MacOS) and start the plugin with `Say ChatGPT`
- Follow the prompt and ask it to generate some code for your project
- Copy and paste the resulting code into your VSCode IDE

### Troubleshooting

- I received an error!
    + Check the VSCode console to see what error was received while using the plugin.
    + Open's free-tier accounts only have so many requests that can be made before
    they charge you. If you have run out of free requests, the plugin will fail to
    fetch your request.
- I don't see `Say ChatGPT` when I open the command palette
    + Ensure that the plugin has actually been installed to VSCode, if the auto-complete
    plugin does not show up there, it has not been installed

## Publishing

I have provided a way for this GitHub repository to automatically publish
this VSCode extension for any git tag pushes. This means when ready to release,
a repository maintainer can tag a commit, and push that tag to GitHub which will
trigger a GitHub action to do an automated release.

## Linting

This repository will automatically lint TypeScript on Pull Requests and Pushes via
a configured GitHub Action script. This will help enforce coding standards for
those contributing to this repo.

## Future Enhancements

### Automatically configuring the OpenAI API key via VSCodes settings extensions

Ideally, users aren't going to want to manually paste a key inside a const variable
and rebuild a plugin. They should be able to paste that token in their IDE
and the plugin will be able to read that token. We can achieve this by first
configuring the plugin to define a workspace setting in the `package.json` file.
Next, we will need to update our `src/extension.ts` code to read that config value
via 

```typescript
const apiKey = vscode.workspace.getConfiguration('ChatGPT API Key Extension');
```

### Code Lint autogenerated code

Netflix (and other organizations) have their own style and coding expectations
for the langauges they program in. OpenAIs code likely won't line up 100% to styles
that are expected to be followed for a team. This plugin could automatically read in
the prompt-requested code and apply the style expected by the users Organization
and or provide linter-style hints for where the code falls short of the style guide.

Additionally, securtiy scanning the code used generated from this plugin would
provide assurance early on that an employees code isn't introducing vulnerabilities
into the codebase from trained data used by OpenAI. While this could be done
per autogenreated search within the plugin, this might make more sense as a pre-commit hook
for all at once validation prior to commiting code.

### Authors Note

Note that part of this plugins code was generated with OpenAI. Use at your own
risk in production!
